Typo fixes for Kafka 101 tutorials (#675)
confluentinc/kafka-tutorials: _includes/tutorials/kafka-consumer-application/kafka/markup/dev/make-supporting-classes.adoc

      try {
        Files.write(path, valueList, StandardOpenOption.CREATE, StandardOpenOption.WRITE, StandardOpenOption.APPEND);  //<3>
      } catch (IOException e) {
        throw new RuntimeException(e);
      }
    }
  }
----

> <1> Iterate over all of the records and store the `value`s in a `List`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Iterate over all of the records and store each record's `value` in a `List`
```

> <2> If the `List` isn't empty let's do something!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> If the `List` isn't empty, let's do something!
```
